# data-structures-comparison: Negru Mihai 323CD

### **Project Structure**

* *algorithms* - data structures implementation for set representation.
* *build* - makefile to compile the algorithms and to link all of them in dynamic and static libraries.
* *in* - input tests, that can be generated as many times as you want
* *out* - output result generated by the algorithms
* *res* - statistics data about the algorithms (running time for an operation : insert, delete ...)
* *test* - main directory designed for testing purpoases
    * *src* - implementation for generating the output for a given algorithm
    * *generator* - contains 2 python files that generate tests, one for generating tests for statistics and
    another for generating tests for displaying output.

### **Test generators**

The tests generated for the statistics will **NOT** be presented in this archive, they will be found on the report paper. However if you want to generate tests to check if the data presented in the report paper is correct you will have to run the following commands

```BASH
    mkdir load
    cd test/generator
    python3 statistics_generator.py
```

The commands above will populate the load folder and in folder with a bunch of tests, however the in folder containing the initial tests will be overwritten. The output generators will not run on the statistics tests, because it was modified to match the requirement for this project to run.

In other words the data from the load folder will not be *loaded* in the output generator, however the tests from the in folder will run and will give an output.

>**NOTE:** For the statistics 60 files were generated, where first *500 000 000* data was loaded into the data structure and *500 000 000* queries were executed, which makes a total of *1 000 000 000* of queries.

### **Output generation**

Every algorithm will run on the same tests, because we have to compare data structures on the same set of tests.

In the input folder are found *10* tests, every algorithm run those 10 tests, in order to not overwrite the files generated by a previous algorithm, every output will contain the number of algorithm that generated this file.

For example after running first algorithm on the **test1.in* a file named **test1.out1** will be generated with the correct output.

After running all the algorithms we must get 40 output files.

### **Makefile rules**

This project contains three makefiles, however the makefile from the project root must be used for compilation and generators running.

```BASH
    make build # make all

    # Calls the makefile from the build folder and
    # compiles data structures and links them to dynamic and static libraries
    #
    # Calls the makefile from the test folder and
    # compiles the output generators 
```

```BASH
    make run-pX # where X = {1, 2, 3, 4}

    # Runs the output generator for the given algorithm (depending of X)
```

```BASH
    make run-best

    # Runs the output generator for the hash-table data structure (p3)
```

```BASH
    make run-all

    # Runs all the output generators
```

```BASH
    make clean

    # Cleans the libs folder generated by the build makefile
    # Cleans the exec folder generated by the test makefile
```
